[Docs] add set command examplee to sql api (#18027)
apache/druid: docs/tutorials/tutorial-query-deep-storage.md

SELECT page FROM wikipedia WHERE __time <  TIMESTAMP'2016-06-27 00:10:00' LIMIT 10
```

> To run this query asynchronously, you can use the SET statement to specify the execution mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this query asynchronously, specify the `ASYNC` execution mode using the query context.
Apply the query context parameter before the query using a SET statement. 
```

The response you get back is an empty response cause there are no records on the Historicals that match the query.

Additionally, instead of specifying the `context` object within the JSON payload, you can also set context parameters inline using SET statements. 

For example, to query pages from the `wikipedia` datasource with timestamps before `2016-06-27 00:10:00`, you can use the following API curl request:

```bash
curl --location 'http://localhost:8888/druid/v2/sql/statements' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
  "query": "SET executionMode = '\''ASYNC'\''; SELECT page FROM wikipedia WHERE __time < TIMESTAMP '\''2016-06-27 00:10:00'\'' LIMIT 10"
}'
```

Both methods,using SET statements orspecifying context parameters in the JSON `context` object, return the same response format.

> 

Author: Addressed and updated the section :)

The response you get back is an empty response cause there are no records on the Historicals that match the query.

> You can also use Set command to enable `executionMode` of the given query. However, the results depends on where you set `executionMode`.

Reviewer: We'll likely roll this back as well (see comment on query-from-deep-storage)

Author: Updated!
